Why do I have to run?
Aren't you going to run away and die here?
What do you think?
Only relying on the Ten Thousand Axles and the Six Kingdoms can protect you under the wrath of God.
Don't joke, the crimes you committed are all major crimes of killing the Nine Nations.
Taking out any of them can kill you 10,000 times.
Why do we need someone else to protect us?
The story comes now
Dare to talk freely
Are those words?
You'll know later.
Li Huining, you are too confident.
The general doesn't know what he has to rely on.
But this is the palace.
Can't let you be presumptuous.
If I dare to stand here
Of course we rely on it.
You think power can cover the sky.
Who knows the will of God is unpredictable?
I'm going to show you today.
What is real power?
It's a real power.
There are such arrogant people under the sun.
I really don't know how high the sky is.
To Gia To Son River
Meet through Master Qin
Meet Master Qin
See you later.
Master Qin
Free of charge
Let me introduce you.
This is the son of Zhen Quoc Cong.
General Qin's favorite son, Qin Tianxiao.
Identity is precious.
This is my son-in-law, Ly Van Hieu.
He is also the adopted son of the princess.
The King of Security whom the Emperor appointed
Oh, you're the new adopted daughter of the chief princess.
Of course you are a martial artist.
Your Highness, the Chief Princess, and I, the Qin family, have the grace to recreate
I will be your brother from now on.
Helped by the Royal Princess
Van Hieu did not dare
How dare you make friends with Master Qin?
Hum, that's it.
All of the young men said that.
Don't refuse.
The old General Qin has a child.
For Qin lack is the most extraordinary concern.
Later you have to walk more.
Mom said,
In that case.
The other brother Qin paid homage without obeying orders.
Mr. Li is really happy.
Stop!
If the young master remembers correctly.
That was bullshit.